hello...today i want to speak to you about the evolution of the means
of transport during the industrial revolution
when transporting large goods the old roads weren't enough anymore, so
after the steam machine was invented trains and steampowered ships
were used for that, which introduced a need for railways and canals.
canal-wise there was for example the bridgewater canal that was mainly
built to transport coal cheaply from worsley to manchester, which is
about 15 kilometres. the early trains were used for the transportation
of coal, too, around 1800 480 kilometres of railway were built for
that. and soon railways were used for personal transport, too. and
soon people noticed the problem with relative time because of the
traveling times and "created" the greenwich time in order to fix the
differences between the local times in the different parts of the uk.
in the middle of the 19th century 25 thousand people were building
railways and 50 thousand running the trains. the car wasn't invented
yet, but roads were still needed, mostly for horses, and while the
roads in for example france were maintained really well over the
times, the roads in the uk were in a really bad condition, so many
toll roads were set up in order to pay for maintaining the roads. toll
roads are basically roads where you need to pay a fee for being
allowed to use them.
that was my talk about the evolution of the means of transport in the
industrial revolution, thanks for listening.
